#Description of CompareView

= Introduction =
This document presents a tutorial on how to compile and install CompareView in Windows XP system. We describe some important files in source codes that are needed for further modification on CompareView later and virus that are used for evaluation experiment. 


= Prerequisite =

In order to compile and install CompareView on Windows XP system, you need to install
Windows Driver Kits(WDK) to compile the code and DebugView(DbgView) to display output from CompareView. We have a virtual machine for VirtualBox with proper environment for CompareView, contact me if you need it. 

= Compile CompareView =
We host source code of CompareView in google host. Use SVN tools to check out the source code throught url[http://compare-view-vt.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/]. You need to have permission to download the code. 
# Check out source code by SVN tools in your host machine.
# Start Windows Driver Kits -> WDK xxxx.xxx-> Build Environments-> WindowsXP -> Windows XP x86 Checked Build Environment,if you do not want debug information, use Free Build Environment.
# Change current directory to [your source code directory\tdifw\src].
# Compile tdifw code using command: build /ce. Modify the code until there is no errors.
# Change current directory to [you source code directory\passthru\].
# Compile passthru code using command: build /ce. Modify the code until there is no errors

= Install CompareView =
# Copy [your source code directory\tdifw\src\drv\objchk_wxp_x86\i386\tdifw_drv.sys] to [C:\Windows\System32\Drivers].
# Copy [your source code directory\tdifw\src\svc\objchk_wxp_x86\i386\tdifw.exe] to [C:\Windows\System32\].
# Copy [your source code directory\passthru\objfre_wxp_x86\i386\passthru.sys] to [C:\Windows\System32\Drivers].
# restart Windows.